Add in documentation for Okta access list synchronization. (#38355)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/application-access/okta/hosted-guide.mdx

is enabled, the enrollment workflow will guide you through enabling SCIM
provisioning as well.

## Configure Access List Synchronization

If Teleport Identity is enabled, the enrollment workflow will also guide you to configure syncing of

> user groups and direct application assignments as Access Lists. This will ensure

Reviewer: I still believe that access list is akin to "role" or "resource" and is not a product name or proper noun.

@ptgott can you advise?

Reviewer 2: As of now, the docs are sort of on the fence:

```
$ grep -hRio "access request" docs/pages | sort | uniq -c
 479 Access Request
   4 Access request
  26 access request
$ grep -hRio "access list" docs/pages | sort | uniq -c
  92 Access List
   1 Access list
  46 access list
```

I'm also a little torn. On the one hand, these are unique features of Teleport that we want to promote. On the other hand, these also make sense as general English terms, and capitalizing too many terms can be distracting.

I'll open an issue so we can settle this separately!

Reviewer: Works for me!

that permissions in Okta are modeled properly in Teleport, allowing Teleport users
to see the same Okta applications that they would when viewing the Okta dashboard.

### Configuring Default Owners

> The first step of setting up Okta Access List Synchronization is defining default Access List owners. You can select

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step of setting up Okta Access List synchronization is defining default Access List owners. You can select
```

> any number of default owners and free-form enter the owners if they do not yet exist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
any number of default owners or manually enter the owners if they do not yet exist
```

in the system. These owners can be later changed and will not be overwritten by the
Okta Access List synchronization process.

### Importing Okta User Groups as Access Lists

After configurating default owners, you can customize which Okta User Groups should
be imported. By default, all user groups will be imported. If you would like more
control, you can disable the "Import All User Groups" option at the top right of
the panel and configure multiple filters which will be matched against the group
names. For more information on filter syntax, refer to the Import Filters section
below.

<Admonition type="note">
Only Okta User Groups with assignments will be imported as an Access List. If an Okta User
Group has no assignments, it will not be imported until it has assignments.
</Admonition>

### Importing Okta Application Assignments as Access Lists

In addition to importing Okta User Groups, you can also import direct application
assignments within Okta as Access Lists as well. This behaves in exactly the same way
as user groups.

<Admonition type="note">

> Only Okta Applications with assignments will be imported as an Access List. If an Okta

Reviewer 3: I think this would prompt a user to ask a question "what happens if an application assignment is removed, will it remove access list?"

is enabled, the enrollment workflow will guide you through enabling SCIM
provisioning as well.

## Configure Access List Synchronization

If Teleport Identity is enabled, the enrollment workflow will also guide you to configure syncing of

> User Groups and Direct Application Assignments as access lists. This will ensure

Reviewer: Why is "Direct Application Assignments" a proper noun but "access lists" isn't?

Author: I've inverted this.

that permissions in Okta are modeled properly in Teleport, allowing Teleport users
to see the same Okta applications that they would when viewing the Okta dashboard.

### Configuring Default Owners

![Set Default Owners](../../../img/enterprise/plugins/okta/okta-access-list-default-owners.png)

Access lists must have owners, so the first step of setting up Okta Access List
Synchronization is setting default owners for our new access lists. You can select
any number of default owners and free-form enter the owners if they do not yet exist
in the system. These owners can be later changed and will not be overwritten by the
Okta Access List synchronization process.

### Importing Okta User Groups as Access Lists

![Import Okta User Groups](../../../img/enterprise/plugins/okta/okta-access-list-import-user-groups-all.png)

After configurating default owners, you can customize which Okta User Groups should
be imported. By default, all user groups will be imported. If you would like more

> control, you can untoggle the "Import All User Groups" toggler at the top right of

Reviewer: I've never heard the term "toggler" before. How about we say "you can disable the import all option" instead?

the panel and configure multiple filters which will be matched against the group
names.  For more information on filter syntax, refer to the Import Filters section
below.

<Admonition type="note">
Only Okta User Groups with assignments will be imported as an Access List. If an Okta User
Group has no assignments, it will not be imported until it has assignments.
</Admonition>

### Importing Okta Application Assignments as Access Lists

![Import Okta Application Assignments](../../../img/enterprise/plugins/okta/okta-access-list-import-applications.png)

In addition to importing Okta User Groups, you can also import direct application

> assignments within Okta as Access Lists as well. This behaves in exactly the same way

Reviewer: Here you did the reverse of above. Access Lists is now capitalized but application assignments is not.

Reviewer 4: @zmb3 should all mention of `access lists` be capitalized to `Access Lists`? I think i remember all product name should be capitalized, but I wasn't sure (we seem to cap `access lists`  most of the time in this PR)

Author: The intent was to capitalize all mentions of access list, so I'll go over this with a fine toothed comb and make sure they're all capitalized properly.

Reviewer: Is that correct though? Access list is not a product name. It's just a noun like user or role, isn't it?

Author: IIRC the prior art is to use Access List instead of access list.

as user groups.

<Admonition type="note">
Only Okta Applications with assignments will be imported as an Access List. If an Okta
Application has no assignments, it will not be imported until it has assignments.
</Admonition>

### Import Filters

Filters are supported as glob syntax and regex syntax. Glob syntax are strings with
wildcards in them that represent arbitrary values where the wildcards go. For example,
a glob that matches names with a prefix of "app" and a suffix of "salesforce" would
look like `app*salesforce`.

You can also use raw regular expressions so long as the filter string is prefixed with `^`

> and ends with `*`. This will support the [https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax](Google RE2) regular expression syntax.

Reviewer: Doesn't it need to end with $, not *?

> and ends with `*`. This will support the [https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax](Google RE2) regular expression syntax.

Reviewer 4: i think the syntax is backwards

<img width="506" alt="image" src="https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/assets/43280172/2e960c8d-40a1-4179-9f4e-f07d90d5c869">

from looking at other mdx, i think it's `[Google RE2](https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax)`

can you double check it on the site after editing?

User Groups and Direct Application Assignments as access lists. This will ensure
that permissions in Okta are modeled properly in Teleport, allowing Teleport users
to see the same Okta applications that they would when viewing the Okta dashboard.

### Configuring Default Owners

![Set Default Owners](../../../img/enterprise/plugins/okta/okta-access-list-default-owners.png)

Access lists must have owners, so the first step of setting up Okta Access List
Synchronization is setting default owners for our new access lists. You can select
any number of default owners and free-form enter the owners if they do not yet exist
in the system. These owners can be later changed and will not be overwritten by the
Okta Access List synchronization process.

### Importing Okta User Groups as Access Lists

![Import Okta User Groups](../../../img/enterprise/plugins/okta/okta-access-list-import-user-groups-all.png)

After configurating default owners, you can customize which Okta User Groups should
be imported. By default, all user groups will be imported. If you would like more
control, you can uncheck the "Import All User Groups" checkbox at the top right of

> of the panel and configure multiple filters which will be matched against the group

Reviewer 4: it was `of of`
```suggestion
the panel and configure multiple filters which will be matched against the group
```

> names.  For more information on filter syntax, please refer to the Import Filters section

Reviewer 4: can we hyperlink/anchor the `Import Filters` section, also would renaming to `Using Filters` more accurate?

```suggestion
names.  For more information on filter syntax, refer to the Import Filters section
```

below.

<Admonition type="note">
Only Okta User Groups with assignments will be imported as an Access List. If an Okta User
Group has no assignments, it will not be imported until it has assignments.
</Admonition>

### Importing Okta Application Assignments as Access Lists

![Import Okta Application Assignments](../../../img/enterprise/plugins/okta/okta-access-list-import-applications.png)

In addition to importing Okta User Groups, you can also import direct application
assignments within Okta as Access Lists as well. This behaves in exactly the same way
as user groups.

<Admonition type="note">
Only Okta Applications with assignments will be imported as an Access List. If an Okta
Application has no assignments, it will not be imported until it has assignments.
</Admonition>

### Import Filters

Filters are supported as glob syntax and regex syntax. Glob syntax are strings with
wildcards in them that represent arbitrary values where the wildcards go. For example,

> to a glob that matches names with a prefix of "app" and a suffix of "salesforce" would

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
a glob that matches names with a prefix of "app" and a suffix of "salesforce" would
```

look like `app*salesforce`.

You can also use raw regular expressions so long as the filter string is prefixed with `^`

> and ends with `*`. This will support the Google RE2 regular expression syntax as defined
> [https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax](here).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
and ends with `*`. This will support the [https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax](Google RE2) regular expression syntax.
```

see the Okta [Architecture](./architecture/) and [User Synchronization](./usersync/)
guides.

### Configure Access List Synchronization

> TODO(mdwn)

Author: I'm having some difficulty setting things up in my staging tenant, so I need to get images for this so I can fill this out.

To permanently delete the SAML connector, navigate to the `Auth Connectors`
page in the Teleport UI and delete it from there.

### Access Lists

<Admonition type="warning">
If the hosted integration is still active, removing Okta sourced Access Lists

> could revoke Okta access from users in your organization. Please exercise caution

Reviewer: Feels like the UI should help prevent this. Does it give you a warning?

Reviewer 4: no warning, but that's good feedback, i'll add it when i add okta badge on the access list listing
